    Experimental Environment :
• Automatically extract candidate fault points (e.g., nodes of combinatorial logic gates) from the gate - level netlist of a single PE.
• Batch - inject stuck - at faults and calculate the root - mean - square error (RMSE) for each node.
• Identify the "critical fault set" (FS) with RMSE above the threshold.
• Perform subsequent whole - accelerator - level simulation (input inference and accuracy evaluation) by assuming the code can load and run the entire accelerator model.
• Use the output RMSE and FS as a measure of fault impact.

Plan A: Install Mingw - w64 (the plan adopted in this experiment)
• Install Mingw - w64 (or TDM - GCC, or gcc from MSYS2).
• After installation, add cpp.exe (usually in the mingw64\bin directory) to the PATH environment variable.
• Reopen the command line to check if cpp --version works.

Plan B: Use WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux) or Linux/Mac Environment
• Pyverilog runs more smoothly on Linux/Mac as cpp is pre - installed.

Plan C: Utilize WSL (Windows Subsystem for Linux)
• In WSL, Verilator, cocotb, make, and g++ can be set up with one - click installation.
• You can edit code, run simulations, and execute Python scripts in WSL without needing Mingw - w64.
(For Pure Windows Environment, Python 3.6+ is Required)

I. Correct Steps to Install MinGW - w64
1. Download the Pre - Compiled Binary Package (Recommended)
Visit the following link to download the pre - compiled version: Unfortunately, the access to 
https://github.com/niXman/mingw - builds - binaries/releases/download/13.2.0 - rt_v11 - rev1/x86_64 - 13.2.0 - release - posix - seh - ucrt - rt_v11 - rev1.7z  was not successful due to network issues. If you need to access this webpage, please check the validity of the link and try again.
2. Unzip and Install
Unzip the file to C:\mingw64 or your preferred directory.
3. Set Environment Variables
Press Win + R, input sysdm.cpl, and hit Enter to open System Properties.
Go to the "Advanced" tab > "Environment Variables".
Under "System variables", find Path and click "Edit".
Add a new path: C:\mingw64\bin.
Click OK to save all changes.
4. Verify Installation
Open a new command prompt:
cmd
gcc --version
cpp --version
g++ --version
It should display something like:
gcc (x86_64 - posix - seh - rev1, Built by MinGW - Builds project) 13.2.0

II. Installing Icarus Verilog (iverilog) on Windows
1. Visit the official Icarus Verilog website.
2. Download the latest Windows installer (e.g., iverilog - v12 - 20240116 - x64_setup.exe).
3. Run the installer and make sure to select the "Add to PATH" option.
4. Restart your system upon completion.
5. To verify the installation: In cmd, run iverilog -v.



